---
theme: "docs.bootstrap"
layout: "markdown"
title: "List group"
subtitle: "List groups are a flexible and powerful component for displaying a series of content. Modify and extend them to support just about any content within."
breadcrumb:
    - "Docs"
---

## Basic example
The most basic list group is an unordered list with list items and the proper classes. Build upon it with the options that follow, or with your own CSS as needed.

## Active items
Add .active to a .list-group-item to indicate the current active selection.

## Disabled items
Add .disabled to a .list-group-item to make it appear disabled. Note that some elements with .disabled will also require custom JavaScript to fully disable their click events (e.g., links).

## Links and buttons
Use `<a>`s or `<button>`s to create actionable list group items with hover, disabled, and active states by adding .list-group-item-action. We separate these pseudo-classes to ensure list groups made of non-interactive elements (like `<li>`s or `<div>`s) don’t provide a click or tap affordance.

Be sure to not use the standard .btn classes here.

With `<button>`s, you can also make use of the disabled attribute instead of the .disabled class. Sadly, `<a>`s don’t support the disabled attribute.

## Flush
Add .list-group-flush to remove some borders and rounded corners to render list group items edge-to-edge in a parent container (e.g., cards).

## Numbered
Add the .list-group-numbered modifier class (and optionally use an <ol> element) to opt into numbered list group items. Numbers are generated via CSS (as opposed to a <ol>s default browser styling) for better placement inside list group items and to allow for better customization.

Numbers are generated by counter-reset on the <ol>, and then styled and placed with a ::before pseudo-element on the <li> with counter-increment and content.

These work great with custom content as well.


## Horizontal
Add .list-group-horizontal to change the layout of list group items from vertical to horizontal across all breakpoints. Alternatively, choose a responsive variant .list-group-horizontal-{sm|md|lg|xl|xxl} to make a list group horizontal starting at that breakpoint’s min-width. Currently horizontal list groups cannot be combined with flush list groups.

ProTip: Want equal-width list group items when horizontal? Add .flex-fill to each list group item.

## Contextual classes
Use contextual classes to style list items with a stateful background and color.

Contextual classes also work with .list-group-item-action. Note the addition of the hover styles here not present in the previous example. Also supported is the .active state; apply it to indicate an active selection on a contextual list group item.

> Conveying meaning to assistive technologies
Using color to add meaning only provides a visual indication, which will not be conveyed to users of assistive technologies – such as screen readers. Ensure that information denoted by the color is either obvious from the content itself (e.g. the visible text), or is included through alternative means, such as additional text hidden with the .visually-hidden class.

## With badges
Add badges to any list group item to show unread counts, activity, and more with the help of some utilities.

## Custom content
Add nearly any HTML within, even for linked list groups like the one below, with the help of flexbox utilities.

## Checkboxes and radios
Place Bootstrap’s checkboxes and radios within list group items and customize as needed. You can use them without <label>s, but please remember to include an aria-label attribute and value for accessibility.




